c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\philameter.dll.config
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\philameter.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\philameter.pdb
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\MvcSiteMapProvider.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\MvcSiteMapProvider.WebActivator.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\MvcSiteMapProvider.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\MvcSiteMapProvider.WebActivator.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\obj\Debug\philameter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\obj\Debug\philameter.dll
c:\users\andy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\philameter\philameter\obj\Debug\philameter.pdb
